Does it matter?
It matters about fear.
So breathe in.
Two.
Three.
Through the nose.
By doing this, two.
Three.
Sam, let it go with the fear that I'm holding in my body.
Yeah.
Get everybody moving their hips.
But don't hit the people beside you.
OK.
And see, as we bring these 10 organs into focus, as we bring these organs into focus, then you'll start to clear your head.
Everybody feel a little clearer right now?
Yeah?
Let me hear it.
Yeah.
OK.
Take your right hand and put it on your right ribcage.
Okay, this is your kidney.
Say hello, kidney.
Hello, kidney.
Okay, take your left hand, reach over.
Lean over to your left.
Take your hand to the right.
Take three sharp breaths, go.
So they say they're aligning 10 different organs in their body together.
being led over a little acoustic guitar picking and it sure seems like this is substituting for some kind of prayer or maybe singing a song together this is like a full body hypnosis
Get them all riled up and ready to go, I guess, all on the same page.
It's innocent, I'm sure.
Hello, everybody.
Hi, Aaron.
Hi, Lexicount.
Hi, Brother Spoon.
Tazixcube.
I don't know how to say any of these names.
You know, if you don't use an underscore or something like that, I mean, Brother Spoon seems easy.
Anyway, good to see you guys.
Yeah, it's pretty goofy, right?
I find this really goofy.
I don't know what else to say other than this is, this is not how any, uh, any festival I've ever been to started.
I am really here, I'm just not always going to be on camera for this because I'm going to be walking in and out of the house and doing other things because it's not that important, but I'm listening to it.
It doesn't look crowded to me.
The stats class has just stopped last week.
They're going to come back tomorrow again.
I'm going to start again tomorrow.
Don't worry.
When we want to heal, we're sick, we want to retreat.
But we come out, we heal.
So take your right foot, cross it over your left.
It's going to be a little tricky for some of you.
Take your right hand, turn your left.
Take your left hand up top, turn your head to the left, and your body to the right.
OK, now what we're going to do is take six breaths together.
Breathe through the mouth.
Breathe in.
I would characterize this as a very unique kind of maybe cowboy or
or uniquely Western American country music type hypnosis because of the use of the particular acoustic guitar timbre.
It's really curious.
Three.
Through the nose.
Two.
Three.
Rescue the LARP.
You know, Make America Real Again is actually something that I'm going to add to the independent bright web graphic because that's absolutely perfect.
Make America Real Again and it should be an all black hat with a blacked out raised print that says M-A-R-A.
That is fantastic.
It's going to be a new thing.
We're going to put it on the website too.
If you don't mind me stealing it, I'm stealing it right now.
So making the world healthy again, that's one of the ways you can do it right there.
Want to give it up?
All right.
We're about to start the Bain Show in just two minutes.
We'll see you guys in a little bit.
Make some noise for yourselves for being here.
Rescue the Republic!
There aren't that many people there because the camera is not that far from the stage and there's nobody standing next to each other.
If you wanted to get to the front, you could definitely get to the front.
We have quite the lineup for us today.
And it's going to be great.
I mean, I personally, I just got back from an LBGTQ plus rally for Hezbollah.
It was on the roof.
Let that sink in for a second.
We're going to have a great day for you.
There's going to be a lot of impressive speakers.
We're going to ask everybody to, you guys are fantastic.
We're going to ask you, through you, you will be our ambassadors to open up people's hearts and their minds.
To what?
To protect what this is and this hallowed ground that we stand upon.
the freest, greatest experiment in freedom in the history of the world.
And it does require our eternal vigilance now more than ever.
But I am not worried.
I know that God has given us this great opportunity to recharge ourselves, to ask us what we want as a nation, as a community,
as a family.
Why wouldn't we ask what God wants?
We want to continue this for the next generation and for our grandchildren and that decisions that we make this November are going to help continue this freedom moving forward.
The great people who founded this country never asked and never
They didn't say that they wanted a perfect union.
They wanted the opportunity for a better union.
And that's what we have here.
Now, we're going to have a lot of speakers coming up.
We'd like to start this off with a little music just to warm your bones right now as it's a little wet out there.
They have a new album called Revolution.
Please welcome our good friends and freedom fighters, Skillet.
All right.
We're still waiting for Skillet.
I can do something like this.
You remember this slide.
And then the next slide can be bang like that.
Ooh, check it out.
Did you see it?
Did you like that?
All right, ladies and gentlemen, here they are.
Please welcome.
They just did a nice prayer.
Please welcome Skillet.
I am here.
I don't know how often I want to put myself on the screen just because I got all kinds of crap here that I don't, you know, anyway.
It's a mess in the room right now.
And so I'll sometimes be off camera, but I'm always going to be here.
I don't know whose skill it is.
So again, we might be wasting a lot of bandwidth here.
Some, you know, sometimes I don't know.
I didn't want to give them extra attention, but on the other hand, I am happy I caught that beginning part.
I might stay here for a little while just to see, but I might also disappear.
I didn't know whose skill it was.
If you know it, sing it with me.
All my bad, no survival, that's the goddamn spice.
Surrender, don't trigger, leave the zone, and then they'll take your spice.
Hey, hey, hey, let me take it that way.
They're trying to fuck you back in the house.
Hey, hey, hey, listen to me when I say, you're making me strong, you're making me sad.
something like that might work i like it
Spill it!
Wow, this is really bad.
I don't know what to say.
Can you imagine if you drove like six hours and had a hotel breakfast and then showed up and this is what they opened with?
I mean, think about the resources that were mustered in order to get all this stuff together.
I mean, there's probably more resources behind this than there is behind G. Edward Griffin's Red Pill Expo.
And he does what he can.
But I mean, I bet you there's another digit behind the amount of money that was behind this, if not more.
And most of the people that go to the Red Pill Expo are paying for themselves to be there.
I mean, it's not everybody that goes to the Red Pill Expo and needs G. Edward Griffin to cover their hotel and airfare.
I assure you that I don't think, anyway, that the Red Pill is paying for Brian Artis or Kaufman to be there.
They are already, oh, it's fine.
I'm self-funded because they are.
And it's extraordinary, ladies and gentlemen.
It's very extraordinary what you can see happening here.
And now, just think about how much
was spent on it, how many people really needed it to be something.
Because a lot of these people really needed it to be something.
Jordan Peterson did a podcast about it.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
did a podcast about it.
Brett Weinstein was on everybody's podcast.
Jimmy Dore did it all.
And all of those people have been promoting it on their little thing.
It's an all-hands-on-deck kind of operation here.
Make America healthy again in the same font.
This is some amazing stuff.
There's two screens on the side there.
I mean, maybe there are companies that provide these things, but again, I'm just talking about orders of magnitude more money.
It's really incredible.
It smells like freedom!
We're here to have a good time and to stand up for this great country and the principles that started it.
This is the resistance.
How many people joined the resistance today?
Come on!
Whoa!
I can't do it anymore.
Et secundum multitudinem miseratio mutuam, terra illiquitate mea,
♪ For all three rules to life ♪ ♪ Are made with love and faith ♪ ♪ And faith in love ♪ ♪ And faith in love ♪
Quali aridicità di mea amica ognunso, che peccato è un tanto a me sempre,
I have sinned against you, and have done evil.
So that you may be justified in your sermons, and win,
Amen.
Ectem in iniquitatibus concerto sum, et in ectatis concedit veratem mea.
In shepherd and oath of faith to the Lord my God.
Asperges mei, suo poetum daum, La famis mei, superdivem dea caum,
♪ Alleluia ♪
So you notice that they had to zoom in on the crowd really quick because they didn't want you to be able to see the back or the front of the crowd and they kind of blew that cut.
And now they're playing this.
This is Mickey Willis' little, you know, run up that we looked at last night.
With the really low voice in the microphone.
fought for everything we've earned and everything we love is under attack i feel actually really bad turning turning misery or elf it's kind of uh now is the time for the american people to wake up and rise up a rebel alliance is forming in the name of liberty and life people
If there is risk, there must be choice.
I don't think they really have their levels right, so that's why my sound effects are so much louder than theirs.
I can't really turn... I don't want to turn them up anymore.
...that will allow them to punish us from a distance and cut off our food supply.
Prevent political abuse of our judicial system.
What we are demanding is in fact the restoration of the rule of law.
Secure our national borders.
I'm tired of the United States doing nothing to protect the American people.
Protect our children.
To defend our children and to save an entire generation.
Restore critical thinking and education.
I think that the time for change is now and enough is enough.
And above all, break our addiction to war.
The nuclear threat is an emergency of the highest order, and we are all in the crosshairs of this emergency.
We must set aside our differences, work together to fire those warmongering politicians from both political parties.
Everybody from the left, everybody from the right, everybody from the middle coming together to realize that we have more in common than divides us.
What unites us is so much stronger than anything that divides us.
We're a country of love.
We're a country that care about people.
The one thing that brings us together here today is that we value life.
Stop lying!
2020 is the code for healthy vision.
It is also the year we were given the eyes to see.
Can you see how amateur hour this is?
They are replaying it again.
They probably have one person behind the stream thing, and he doesn't even have direct communication with any of the camera people.
That's why you saw that cut, and that's why they're replaying this again.
This is very sad.
Spared no expense.
This is...
We are very close to breaking the veils here.
As their empire of lies is collapsing, they are becoming increasingly desperate and dangerous.
Wow, this is amazing.
Russia, China, and Iran have announced the three nations are seeking to strengthen ties.
The alliance has been formed to chill us all to the bone.
To the bone.
Everything we have fought for, everything we've earned, and everything we love
is under attack.
At what point do we say enough is enough?
Now is the time for the American people to wake up
I feel like it's even really weird that they use that video from those apartments in Colorado.
As if, you know, like that would be okay.
Like they have to be really up to date with this.
So up to date that they use a video from Colorado.
It's strange.
Robert Malone from like 2021 or 2022.
And Pierre Cory.
The censorship and propaganda was used to elevate Corey and used to elevate the voice of Corey and Malone.
And all of the censorship that was applied to them ended up with more publicity, including appearances on everybody's podcast and even Tucker Carlson's.
If they replay it for a third time, we're not going to listen to it.
now and enough is enough.
Can the bubble break our addiction to war?
The nuclear threat is an emergency of the highest order and we are all in the crosshairs of this emergency.
Wow, it's just so awful.
And the fact that they're replaying it again isn't doing themselves any favors because the more times you watch this, the more evident it becomes that this can't be real.
Every single principle on which the weapon is based is under simultaneous threat.
All of these people are liars.
He's behind glass.
Hey.
Alright, that's great.
That's okay.
I don't need no stinking bulletproof glass because I'm a midget.
All right.
It's great to see such a wonderful sea of people out here.
A great mix of people.
Medical freedom fighters.
Champions of free speech.
MAGA people.
Make America healthy again people.
It's great to see Joe Biden walking by in his pajamas.
And of course, also mingling amongst us in the crowd today, FBI agents dressed up as white supremacist neo-Nazi Trump voting anti-vaxxers.
Always great to have you here, gentlemen.
Wearing the same khaki pants.
The anniversary of January 6th is fast approaching.
January 6th is, as Kamala Harris and the Democrats called it, the worst attack on our democracy since 9-11 or Pearl Harbor, or as any rational observer might refer to it, January 6th, the FBI guided tour and costume party at the Capitol building.
Now the woke Democrats want to attack us, confuse us, call us systematically racist because of the color of our skin, flood our cities with migrants to drain our resources, and try to bully us into repeating robotically repeated phrases like trans women are women.
You can call yourself a trans woman all you want.
It doesn't matter, because when you turn 50, someone is still going to have to check your prostate.
It gets a little crispy when I do that, but that's what I can do for you.
50-year-old trans woman, you're still going to get the finger.
Children cannot consent to puberty blockers.
Do you remember how awful those gay conversion therapy sessions were?
Bad, right?
Trying to talk someone out of being gay.
Well, do you know what's way worse?
Cutting off the breasts of young girls and mutilating young boys and poisoning them with castration puberty blockers.
This is being embraced by the LBGTQ plus community.
Now in our society, 14-year-old girls aren't allowed to drive, vote, get a tattoo, buy a gun, see an R-rated movie, or join the army because they aren't mature enough to make decisions like those.
Yet in democratic states, they can choose to make decisions that can make them permanently infertile.
In America, you can't even rent a car until you're 25 years old.
What does Avis, Hertz, Alamo, and Enterprise know that the Democrats and the medical establishment seem so ignorant about?
Now, whether Republican or Democrat wins this November, it'll mean nothing if we don't get Americans healthy again.
But I must admit, if you're going to be fat, be fat in America.
Because in America, no matter how fat you are, you can always feel good about yourself.
Because in America, if you're fat, all you have to do is wait four minutes, five tops, before you see somebody that's way fatter than you are.
It's like, man, I feel terrible, but look at that piece of crap.
How is that even standing?
We are here today because we love our country, and we see it sliding into perilous waters, where the hurricane of tyranny threatens to drown our cherished liberties, where in a country that, in its current system of elections, only allows two political parties, and one of those parties, the Democratic Party, has disguised itself as the party of the people.
As the party of decency and truth, of protecting democracy, of peace, of being the savior of women's rights, of being the party of the worker, nothing could be further from the truth.
Democrats are no longer the party of the people.
They no longer represent the working class, they represent the moneyed class, the new aristocracy, the expert class with the three letters next to their names, PhD.
They collude with tech companies and use censorship to silence those that dare disagree with the authoritarian policies.
They use lawfare to attack and imprison their political enemies.
They close small businesses, churches,
Well, they leave open big businesses, liquor stores, and strip clubs, which I'm grateful for.
They fire soldiers, frontline doctors, and nurses for refusing to take a universal gene therapy.
And they no longer use the term, my body, my choice, do they?
Because it isn't.
They consider it, your body is their choice.
They allow 10 to 20 million people to illegally cross over our border, bus and fly them to places where nobody in those communities voted for them to come.
Instead of protecting women, they allow narcissistic men to invade their safe spaces like bathrooms, locker rooms, prisons.
They deplete our nation's treasure by continuing to spend hundreds of billions of dollars on forever wars that push the world closer to World War III.
It's the closest to World War III since we've been, since John F. Kennedy was president.
The average American now has to choose between buying groceries or buying gas.
Kamala Harris and Tim Walz do not believe that free speech is our most basic right guaranteed under our First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States, our Bill of Rights.
They mistakenly call free speech a privilege.
They are in error.
To quote my friend, thank you, to quote my friend Andrew Doyle, free speech is the marrow of democracy.
Without it, no other liberties exist.
It is detested by tyrants because it empowers their captive subjects.
It is mistrusted by Puritans because it is the wellspring of subversion.
Unless we are able to speak our minds, we cannot innovate or even begin to make sense of the world.
It is important that we reach out to people beyond our political affiliation to save our country.
It is not about party.
It is about nation.
And I will leave you with this story.
For people who want to divide us into Democrat and Republican, it's one snake with two heads.
My audio, I just turned it off, sorry.
Now, all you need to know about America and the character of America is when you see disasters like just happened this week in Florida.
During the floods, when people are standing on top of their roofs to be rescued, and the people in boats are coming by to rescue those people standing on their roofs.
here's what the people in the boats are not saying.
Are you a democrat or republican up there?
A republican?
Oh, well this, well a democrat, well this is, this is a republican boat.
Yeah, the democrat boat should be coming pretty quickly.
Good luck with that, it's a kayak, it's better for the environment.
Alright, thank you for being here.
Ladies and gentlemen, let's keep this going now.
I'm honored to be with you.
Now, let us welcome to the stage a first responder.
Steve Slepcevic, he is CEO of SRP24 and Saber Security.
35 years of responding to some of America's greatest disasters.
As a matter of fact, he just got back this morning from Florida, where his first responders and security teams are working tirelessly to help those in need and keeping us here safe today.
Please welcome Steve Slepcevic.
Oh, I've met that guy before.
He's a cool dude.
I have his card somewhere.
Hmm.
Millions watching online, I don't think so.
I do have his card somewhere.
I would have a hard time finding it right now.
My name is Steve Slepcevic, and it's a great honor for me to stand here beside you today.
They're all reading.
Each of you is not just a spectator.
You're a defender that has taken a committed stand for something much greater than ourselves.
I guess there's no teleprompters available.
Today we gather to ignite a fire of unity and rescue our republic.
To secure a brighter future for our children.
to restore our land, our food, and our values that made this country a beacon of light and freedom in a very dark world.
Before we begin, I want to draw your attention to the distant perimeter.
Out there, you will hear a powerful sound of pipes and drums that are going to be cutting through the air as they move their way towards the stage.
Tell you a little bit about what this represents.
These are the firefighters from every corner of our great republic.
Some have come from the streets of Los Angeles, other from the city that never sleeps, New York.
From Kentucky to North Carolina, from Florida to Maryland.
Doesn't look like it's raining.
And yes, some from right here in our nation's capital.
They've traveled here at their own expense, but more importantly, they're here to remind us of something we seem to have forgotten.
Because Bret Weinstein and Rescue the Republic wouldn't pay for them to come, I guess.
They paid for themselves to come, I guarantee it.
Among these ranks, firefighters, doctors, parents, advocates, and many Americans who've lost almost everything.
careers, medical licenses, life savings, friends and family because they refused to submit to mandates that violated their principles and their bodily autonomy.
Some even carrying the flag that were pressured into taking a failed government experiment that has left them severely injured, forced into medical retirement.
They are you.
These courageous men and women stood on the front lines during the pandemic, risking their lives to save others, and yet were cast aside when they defended their freedoms.
Folks, silence is compliance.
They were not silent, and they never will be.
They continue to fight, standing before you as living testaments,
to the resilience and an unbreakable spirit.
So did he say?
To those among us who serve as firefighters, paramedics, doctors, nurses, law enforcement, military, and our amazing veterans, please raise your hands and be
So it's weird because the way I understand this, and I've met him a couple times.
I met him at a CHD conference.
I also met him at the event for the announcement of Bobby's candidacy.
And I may have met him one other place before.
I'd have to, oh yeah, he was at the Red Pill conference, I believe.
I met him somewhere else.
It doesn't matter.
I've met him multiple times.
I have his card.
It's black.
It's really thick.
And what he told me was is that he had organized...
A bunch of people, a bunch of firefighters from maybe 9-11 or from New York or something like this to go to January 6th and then all of those people that worked for him had FBI agents come to their house after January 6th.
Some of them had FBI agents come to their house multiple times.
That was the story that he told me that got him going and that motivated him that he had this group of, that's what it was, it's a group of firefighters and EMTs and people who were fired because of the mandates.
And then he built a company, a rescue company, or some kind of thing like that, and hired all those people in New York.
And then they went to January 6th.
And after January 6th, they got a bunch of visits from the FBI.
Those are the things that I heard from him, if I recall correctly.
And I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to, I'm just trying to recall correctly, right now, live, what I remember about this guy.
But for sure, I've met him more than once.
For sure, every time I've met him has been around CHD or Bobby.
And what he told me was is that he organized people who were fired for the mandates in New York into a rescue company of some kind.
And they went to January 6th and had FBI come to their houses.
Those are the, that's the two stories that I remember.
Oh boy, here we go.
Robert Malone with the,
I guess universal.
Interesting.
I want to go back and see it again.
I'm going to bring your attention back towards the firefighters this moment.
The massive flag you see before you has flown over many battles for liberty.
Today it resembles and symbolizes the reason we are gathered here to rescue a republic.
Each of us, no matter how small our actions may seem, creates a ripple that builds into a wave of change.
Today we are that tsunami, moving as one heartbeat, one breath.
Now there's a second flag, smaller but no less significant.
It bears the signature of every firefighter who's traveled here today.
Leading this flag is a fire axe, a custom piece dedicated to the memory of fallen Fire Chief Cory Compatero of Pennsylvania.
Chief Compatero gave his life protecting his family during the failed assassination attempt on President Donald J. Trump on July 13th, 2024.
Today we honor him not just as a fire chief, but as a father, a brother, a son, and a true patriot who laid down his life for this country.
This flag along with the memorial acts will soon be presented to his family and we are privileged to witness the first steps of this solemn journey here today.
Patriot,
Patriots, our republic is under attack, but not from external enemies.
The greatest dangers lie within, by those who seek to divide us, control us, and silence us.
We are one.
We are God's children.
Make no mistake, this republic was forged in the fires of defiance, and today we stand as heirs to that legacy.
We will not surrender.
We will not back down.
We are rising up using our voices to speak truth and do good in the world.
Just as these brave firefighters posing for a photo op, they're taking a stand to restore nation to its founding principles.
One nation who's that under God with liberty
Indivisible, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
Wow, he barely knew what to say and he has a script.
If not now, when?
If not here, where?
If not us, who?
Now's the time to act, not tomorrow, not next week, today.
Each of you carries a spiritual flame within you all to re-member.
You are that powerful flame that lights the way for others.
That flame is power, truth, love, divine wisdom, and compassion.
Together we are a firestorm of freedom.
No government, no tyrant, no global force of evil can extinguish.
It is time to step into the unknown, trusting the process, because God's leading this army.
We are the 8 billion united.
There are but a few thousand.
If you're committed to declaring your independence and ready to move forward and rescue our republic, please signify your commitment by simply standing, raising your hands, and let your voices be heard.
That's America.
We are the 8 billion.
God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.
At this moment, I would like to take a moment of silence for Fire Chief Corey Compter.
Did they just make everybody pray for a particular dude who's dead?
Some fire chief?
Had none of them know?
Did they really just do that?
Wow.
Are they having technical problems now?
Please, ladies and gentlemen, for the national anthem, please welcome Caitlin Curtis and Deepak.
Audio.
audio.
Who were all of those people that they brought up on stage and didn't say anything?
One of the things I'm going to interrupt this right now because I think it's really important to understand this.
Okay, let me let me just make sure that you understand why I'm interrupting it.
And you may not have seen this, but I've seen this since I was a little kid.
And I've always asked the question.
Why do you think they have all these celebrities sing different versions of the national anthem?
It's so that you don't sing it anymore, so that we don't sing it anymore, so that it is uncommon to think of singing along.
That's why they did it.
When I was a kid, I remember singing along.
I remember it not really being cool not to sing along at a football game when it was played.
This is part of the controlled demolition of America, and now what?
We've got yet another rendition that we're not supposed to sing along with because we're supposed to hear the harmonies.
We're supposed to hear the special vocal inflection that they do on one particular word of it instead of singing it together.
I'm sorry, man.
That's my take.
to christen this historic moment in prayer.
Please welcome Bishop Carlos Mendez.
Mark, they have a Catholic bishop.
All of you that are standing here today are going to go to heaven.
Because we're standing up for God and we're standing up for country.
Did he just say that all the people here were going to go to heaven?
He can't say that.
Is he really standing there in the same hat that Robert Malone wore in a documentary in Spain with Gerard Van Den Bosch?
but the hearts of the guards that were bribed into bringing illegals into their country.
We ask you that you guard us from those leaders who have betrayed our country.
Help us to stand on truth, that we may always stand firm in righteousness.
We confess, Lord, that the labor without you cannot prosper.
And any effort without you will surely fail.
What time are we booked for basketball?
Do you know?
If it's your will, we will continue to fight and rescue this republic.
Guide our steps, Father, and let every plan of the enemy be destroyed in Jesus' name.
Father, we remember the words that your son said, apart from me, you can do nothing.
We acknowledge this truth and invite you to be the center of all that we do.
May this republic not rely on our own understanding, but on divine wisdom and guidance.
We pray for unity among all Americans, for healing where there is division, and for peace where there is conflict.
I ask you, Lord, for our veterans, past and present, that you will help them.
Help us, Lord, with our homeless crisis that was created by this administration, the fentanyl that's rampant in our cities.
Father, we remember the words that you said, do not be anxious about anything but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving presented to God.
And the peace of God which transcends all understanding will guard our hearts and minds.
in Christ Jesus.
We choose to lay down our anxieties and trust.
You guide us through every challenge.
We lift up this prayer.
Rescue the Republic, trusting in your power, sovereignty.
May you continue to bless and guide the United States of America.
And may we as people always seek your face and follow your ways.
In your holy name we pray.
Amen.
Thank you, Bishop.
I've never met a bishop.
That was quite an honor.
Academia, as we know now, has been captured.
They are no longer teaching our young adults how to think critically.
They are simply churning out advocates for a partisan ideology that is illiberal.
If you have kids in college at this point,
Take them out Take the money that you were going to spend on their education and buy stupid shit And when they come home because their credit cards sorry, yeah, I agree about the uh The iran trying to kill orange man narrative.
It's actually uh, pretty hilarious now coming to the stage now a man who an academic who they tried to cancel
But unfortunately, for the woke, which is nothing more than Marxism dressed up as manners, this man could not be canceled.
He's a man whose wit, yes, he is a man whose wit, intellectual brilliance, courage, and most importantly, his love of country would not allow him to be canceled.
He is a champion of freedom,
Please welcome the sexiest biologist alive, Brett Weinstein!
Stop lying!
Thanks.
Wow.
Holy moly.
All right.
If it's OK with you guys, I'm going to claim I had the crowd on its feet from the beginning.
So the time has arrived.
Welcome to Rescue the Republic.
Over the course of the next six hours or so, you're going to hear from some of the clearest minds on Earth, brilliant thinkers, clever comics, and insightful musicians.
But the attributes that unite us in this historic time and place live not in the mind, but in the heart.
What has caused us to converge is a powerful force, a product that blooms when courage and love are combined.
Courage and love
Courage and love are potent forces in their own right, of course, but neither on its own is sufficient to put you on this stage or in this crowd.
A person can have courage and confront danger with no higher purpose in mind, and a person can love something and, paralyzed by fear, watch it perish before their eyes.
When courage and love come together, however, when people face their fears for something they truly love, the force they become shapes history for the better.
And that is what fuels our rescue mission.
He's got a laptop, not just words, you know, on a page.
He's got a laptop.
This is not a political exercise.
We are nonpartisan and brought together across ideological lines to right the ship of state and put her back on course toward an objective spelled out, but not fully achieved by the American founders.
Patriotism is what brings us together in this moment of profound peril.
Patriotism.
Though I suspect some watching from afar will find my use of the term in 2024 bizarre or even grotesque, it has become fashionable, especially amongst those born into privilege, to regard patriotism as unenlightened, primal, and dangerous.
But their educations have failed them.
In a state of selfish confusion, they mistake nationalism for patriotism and toss the precious baby out with the dirty bathwater.
President Kennedy, though he mentioned neither term, drew the distinction between nationalism and patriotism perfectly, not quite 64 years ago and not quite 3,000 meters directly to our east.
Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country, Kennedy instructed two years before his untimely death.
Some will ask,
why it takes courage or love to deliver or witness a speech here in the shadow of the Washington Monument.
Obviously, it shouldn't.
But I doubt there are many here today who did not seriously consider whether they were putting their freedom or perhaps even their lives in danger.
And as we planned the event, many people shared their concerns.
I've lost count of the number of times I was warned not to do it by someone who then wished us luck.
But the more I listened to people's trepidations, the simpler the calculus became.
If millions of Americans are afraid to exercise their most fundamental right in their own capital, that implies the capital is held by a force that is hostile to the Republic and her people.
This is some crazy stuff here.
I have to get ready for basketball, so I'm gonna be in and out of camera, but I'm listening.
I got it on the monitors in the room.
I say the calculus is clear because the targeting of our civil liberties tells us where we are headed.
If we don't stand up now, the slight relief we feel in the present will be replaced in short order by the suffering and horror experienced by those who face a historic atrocity.
We must stare down this threat.
We have no choice.
we must speak out loud about our doubts and fears, as that old song would have it.
Now, as long as we're on the topic of fears, let's confront one directly.
If, as the event proceeds, you find yourself faced with someone displaying Nazi symbols, inciting violence or lawlessness, or you encounter a group of people dressed in paramilitary garb, those are assuredly federal agents.
Thank them for their service and move on.
Now, some of you are no doubt thinking there's something odd about a mission to rescue the Republic that includes many speakers from abroad.
But this is actually a testament to the achievements of the founding generation.
Our founding fathers almost accidentally invented the modern West.
They did it because they had to balance the tensions between the various colonies in order to persuade them to confederate.
The careful job that they did balancing the various concerns created a prototype for a world that was not rigged in anybody's direction.
Obviously, they didn't complete the job.
The three-fifths compromise stands as a black mark on our record.
But they did articulate the objective and create a process that, as long as the fundamentals are left intact, corrects itself over time.
The founders innovated a system that was effectively a commitment to a level playing field, a complete departure from the world that preceded it, a world dominated by lineage against lineage conflict, navigated by threats and force.
Commitment to a level playing field, even if the objective remains distant, turns out to be lightning in a bottle.
And the closer you get to that goal, the greater the returns.
The world the West emerged from was dominated by considerations of race, ethnicity, and religion.
Those parameters dominated the question of who you could collaborate with.
Under such rules, people can only be so productive because the most potential collaborators are out of bounds.
On a level playing field, where the entire society is bound by rules that favor no population over any other, productivity skyrockets.
If everyone is free to collaborate across demographic lines, more wealth is created because more innovation happens and more productive work gets done.
Teamwork is everything.
The more choices you have when assembling your team, the greater the heights you can achieve.
It is also true that it's simply a more meaningful and rewarding life when you abandon bigotry.
It's like giving your entire civilization a massive raise in the currency of brotherhood.
Oh my gosh.
I mean, these are some of the worst lines ever.
He thinks he's like Shakespeare or something, and it's just... Now, am I saying that the United States is a level playing field?
Of course not.
and it was especially unfair to black Americans and Native Americans from its inception.
But I am saying that the founders envisioned a republic of free people based on the idea that all men were created equal, a nation in which the legitimacy of governance was based on the consent of the governed, and every person was entitled to equal protection under the law.
I am also saying
I am also saying that we have moved rapidly in the direction of that vision over time and prospered mightily with every step we have taken toward it.
And the obvious productivity and dynamism of our nation that aims to liberate individuals by distributing opportunity as evenly as possible is contagious.
What succeeded in America caught on, and it spread across the world, because those who saw what it could do wished to duplicate that magic.
People want to live in the West, no matter where they reside.
The West is not a list of nations.
It's not a geographic description.
It's an ideal, the level playing field, and a set of agreements that point toward it.
And therein lies the rub.
The agreements are fragile.
There is progress and backsliding in every society that has joined the experiment, and the West is, at this moment, in grave danger.
Some force that wishes to rig the world has clearly taken hold and targeted these agreements everywhere they have been embraced.
In societies with weak constitutions, civil liberties have already given way.
In the United States, we have one of the strongest constitutions anywhere, and so our descent into tyranny is slower, but there is no time to lose.
We have to regain control of our system and return to the founders' vision, or we will soon find the opportunity has slipped away.
We must rescue the republic to save the West.
But why is this happening?
How has the system of checks and balances that is supposed to protect us been compromised?
The answer is to be found in biology.
Our constitutional republic has become senile.
The immunities it once had are gone and it has lost sight of its purpose, all of which has opened it to capture by parasitic and predatory forces.
That may seem like an extreme claim, but I believe this is much more than an analogy.
Creatures get old because evolution has favored numerous characteristics that make them strong when they are young at almost any price so long as it is delayed.
So we grow old and die because all of the delayed costs eventually catch up to us.
Unfortunately, civilizations have exactly the same defect.
And those based on free markets in which leaders are elected are likely to be particularly susceptible.
Politicians and profiteers benefit from thinking on short time horizons, and they generally lose when they think over too long a term.
All of this short-term problem-solving and kicking the cost can down the road has produced an inevitable crisis.
The most powerful society the world has ever known is angry and hopelessly confused.
It is, in short, demented.
We are facing the destruction of the West and we cannot afford to return to the dark world that would certainly replace it.
So how does nature address senility?
Beautifully.
It has the perfect remedy at its disposal.
As we begin to age, we produce offspring.
Our kids learn that fraction of what we know that still has some use and they abandon the rest.
That pattern of never-ending renewal is the essence of what it means to be human.
And at first, it leaves us little reason for hope with respect to the failure of the West, because the West is not a creature and it cannot nurture a child.
So what are we to do?
When children absorb the content of their culture, it isn't just facts and skills.
The most important things we pass between generations are myths.
Stories that are so powerfully important, they are encoded in a special, sacred layer.
And in our case, the myth we need comes to us from the Greeks, the founders of the ancient West, the one from which the modern West ultimately emerged.
It is the story of the phoenix, a mystical bird that instead of making chicks, lights its nest ablaze and raises anew from the ashes.
Watching the modern West burn, I believe it is no accident that this story points us to a hidden solution, a remedy for which we just so happen to have the ingredients.
One of our explicit purposes in this gathering was to galvanize the unity movement, bringing representatives together from across the global West.
And if you will allow me to draw on another myth, I believe our mission will become clear.
I call the thing that has captured our system Goliath.
It is the force that prevents all meaningful change.
In the biblical story, Goliath is a giant, a man, a large man, but a man all the same.
In our time, Goliath, like everything else, has scaled way up.
The force that wants us to be terrified to exercise our First Amendment rights in our own capital, that's Goliath.
Now look around you.
Do you all see what I see?
David has scaled up.
We are David.
We are mighty and our time has come.
This is straight-up paganism on a Sunday.
It definitely is led by pagans.
Now let's put the two myths together.
Or led by atheists, or led by whatever they are.
Goliath made a terrible strategic error.
He is ungodly powerful, but he's dumb as a box of rocks.
His error was this.
He terrorized all the competent, courageous people and set about driving them from the institutions.
Now they gather in a post-political unity movement and come to know their power.
We have every single person you could possibly want on our side.
We have all the courage, all the integrity, and all the know-how.
OK, I'm going to try and watch Brett till the end, and then I'm going to go off, because I do have to take a voice to the gym.
Then most likely, I'll probably come back and find this stuff still going, and probably put it back on again.
In 1787, Ben Franklin was asked if the Constitutional Convention had produced a monarchy or a republic.
And Franklin famously replied, a republic, if you can keep it.
Today, David and the unity movement face a similar question.
What we must deliver is a republic, if we can phoenix it.
I have learned from decades of study of human nature that important concepts emerge independently again and again.
And so, in closing, I ask you to think about the job we must do to phoenix our republic, the daunting obstacle in our path, Goliath, and the unity movement we bring to the battle, David.
It is for such moments that the Hopi elders tell us, we are the ones we've been waiting for.
It could easily be a couple thousand.
I mean, it's not small, but it's right there.
That's the whole depth of it.
I think that's the best shot they can create right now.
So, you know, it's more than a few hundred, that's for sure.
It could even be a few thousand for all I can tell, but a couple thousand at most.
It's not a college football game or something like that.
We have to win because we got bread on our side.
We got bread on our side.
And we have all you people.
This is being broadcast all over the world.
Okay, I think this is where I'm going to cut it.
Thank you very much for seeing me today.
I'll probably be back again this afternoon.
Ladies and gentlemen, coming to the stage is a very funny comedian.
I don't want to give them too much attention, but I do like to spend time keeping this momentum going.
I will see you again on Monday and the schedule that I'm posting.
on my website and that's available on stream.gigahome.bio slash home.
That schedule, we're going to try and stick to it.
So I hope that will make everybody a little bit easier to follow me and a little bit easier to follow along with the course on Tuesday and Thursday.
And thanks to everybody scrolling on the screen here.
If your name is not there and you think it should be, please forgive me and just send me an email.
and I'm trying to update it regularly to have people that should be there and drop in and drop out.
But anyway, thanks very much for joining me.
Thanks for being here.
I wish you a great Sunday.
I hope it's not raining here where you live unless that's what you need.
And I'll see you guys maybe on a later Sunday.
Oops.
That's where I am.
And...
for Donald Trump, which I think is a good thing.
Maybe a round of applause as something.
I have the article right here.
Joe Biden has vowed to give every secret service.
And the books that you can download are all there.
Those are not my links.
These are all links that are, you know, privately maintained, but they're good links and I'll replace them if they're not.
Even Synergetics is there, the Buckminster Fuller book, which is way over our heads, but we're gonna try and do what we can with it.
There's an archive there and Housatonic Live has a archive on PeerTube as well.
So this is starting to get a lot of views and that's okay with me.
If it stalls out occasionally, understand that we're trying to troubleshoot that and figure out whether we need to move up to a better machine or whether we need
Some other tweak to to the current server that we're using So more views the better don't don't worry about it.
We'll get it.
We'll get it running smooth if it's not running smooth now Thanks very much again for being here Sorry, I muted him and sorry not sorry And let me see if I can first mute him
and then say see you later.
Thanks for being here and I'll see you after basketball.
See you this afternoon again, but just in case, I don't.
Oops there I go screwing it up Let's see get my cursor up here Exit the screen look over here on peer tube channels I think I put it in the bat cave
It's there the cartoon elevator pitch.
That's what you're looking for.
I think they're a sooth spider thanks very much again guys and See you
Stop lying!
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.